
answers.txt1. What is Semantic HTML? 
  Ans Semantic HTML is markup that gives meaning to content for both humans and machine to understand.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Ans HTML is used for structuring content on a web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Ans An attribute provide additional information about html elements
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Ans h1 is used to markup the heading of a page. Only used once on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Ans img and anchor tags require attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Ans a title and meta tags go in the head of HTML documents.
    7. What is an id? 
     Ans an id is a unique attribute.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Ans id can be used to style a special case scenerio.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Ans Same id can only be used once.
    10. What is a class? 
     Ans a class is an attribute which specifies one or more classes for styling
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Ans a class can be added to virtually any element on the page.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Ans As many times as possible.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Ans add a tag target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Ans an alternate text for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    Ans with a hash "#" symbol before the name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Ans a section is semanatic for section of a page whearas a div just helps to section off pages
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Ans CSS is used to style an html page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Ans To select every h2 on page  h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Ans a class selector is preceded by a period,"." and id selector is preceded by a hash "#"
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Ans .someclass {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
      .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Ans a parent child selector selects all elements that are direct children of a specified tag
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    Ans .sidebar div a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Ans a pseudo selector is a selector that represents an event instance.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
      Ans we use line-height attribute.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    Ans letter-spacing: normal.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    Ans we use text-transform: {
         text-transform: capitalize; etc
    }
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
      Ans div {
          border: 1px dotted black
      }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Ans * {

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    Ans a comment is written in css /*       */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    Ans pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Ans is ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    Ans to remove a file use the cmd "rm" precceding the filename.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
     Ans to monitor and record all changes to code base.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Ans as often as you can.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    Ans "git push -u origin Tan-Duwe"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
       -- folk
       -- Add a TL (collaborator)
       -- clone copy to local drive
       -- cd to project folder
       -- paste clone
       -- git checkout -b Tan-Duwe
       -- code .
       -- implement project on new branch
       -- git add, git commit -m "  "
       -- git push -u origin Tan-Duwe
       -- then a Pull-Request on Github

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Ans an inline element is on same line, a block element is on new line and occupies the 
    full width of its parent container.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    Ans an element whose computed position is absolut or fixed.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    Ans give it a width in percent "%" 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Ans p, article, form are block level elements, and <a> and <span> are inline elements 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
Ans everything has a box around it, and are controlled by these properties; padding, border,
  and margins.
